Question 1: What is Emmet?
Answer: Emmet is a set of plugins used to generate the html biolerplate with having different shorthand to generate the html
        element faster. Below are some of the examples-
          html:5 - create the html biolerplate 
          div>ul>li*5 - Used to create div element with 5 li elements inside ul

Question 2: Difference between Library and Framework?
Answer: Below are the major difference between the libraray and the framework-
        Library-
          1. Library provies developers with predefined functions and classes to make their work easier and boost development process.
          2. By using the library, you can control the flow of the application and call the libraray.
        Frameword:
          1. Framework on the other hand is like the foundation upon which developers build applications for specific platforms.
          2. In contrast, when you use a framework, the control is inverted i.e. the framework controls the flow and calls your code.

Question 3: What is CDN? Why we use it?
Answer: CDN is known as 'Content Delivery Network'. It's a network of servers that distributes content from an origin server
        throughout the world. We use CDN becuase it's offers better performance, reliability and security to web application.

Question 4: Why is React known as React?
Answer: React is a Frontend library which controls the view of an application. This menas that as the user clicks around and 
        changes the app data, the view should "react" or change with those user event that's why it's known as 'React'.

Question 5: What is crossorigin in script tag?
Answer: The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to the HTTP CORS request. A cross-origin request is a request for a
        resource from another domain.

Question 6: What is deffernce between React and ReactDOM?
Answer: React: React library is responsible for creating views. It's the core of the React application.
        ReactDOM: ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.

Question 7: What is the difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Answer: The difference between react.development.js and react.production.js is that react.development.js provides functionality
        which is required for development purposes and debugging feature but on the other hand, react.production.js provides more
        optimized script for production ready applications which improves the performance of the application.

Question 8: What is async and defer?
Answer: async: means execute code when it is downloaded and do not block DOM construction during downloading process.
        defer: means execute code after it is downloaded and browser finished DOM construction and rendering process.